well guys hear something that you
probably thought that you've never hear
me say that I own or that I built my own
windows computer this is running windows
7 professional this is my home theater
computer I decided a little while back
that I wanted to to go into the home
theater computer arena play around with
it and see how I liked it um so far
everything's running good the video this
video isn't necessarily to review on the
home theater computer in itself although
I will give my take on it in a minute
but what I wanted to talk about was
getting this thing up and running the
parts that you see listed are going to
be pieces that over the course of time I
wanted to build this relatively
inexpensively so I waited scoured way
don't clearance things and built a
really good system for a decent price I
had considered smaller items like a
little like a Mac Mini or something
along those lines and this particular
computer will probably stay as it is for
a little while longer but eventually
probably you'll turn it into an ass
system eventually um I wanted to keep
things really cheap and so at first my
thought was to go with a boom tube and I
wanted to be really hyper critical of a
boon to for a minute um because I'm very
disappointed and I'm not disappointed
because I didn't know any better I'm
disappointed because I actually took the
time to go online to different forums
and I tried to find hardware that would
work with a boom to that was listed as
compatible hardware and that's really
really hard to do my primary problems
were video cards and wireless cards
pretty much everything else as far as
hardware parts they were fine all the
way down oddly enough to to this this is
my lenovo there you go get some of the
shine i put a video up at this this is a
mouse um as you can see moving around by
their that works very well
even under the Linux installation so if
you comedian one of these and we've got
successful working Linux thing very cool
little item on the new ones have the
backlit keyboards and the older models
do not um but uh these work very very
well so besides that um the the ability
problem that I had was that there was
always video and audio sync problems
that the wireless card never seemed to
work properly and that sometimes we turn
the system off and then turned it back
on all kinds of would happen and I
couldn't get it to be a hundred percent
stable working and flawless different
videos had different audio sync problems
so I couldn't even go into VLC and gain
or lose a second or so to get it to work
because every time I would play a
different video I'd get a different
result excuse me and I got very very
aggravated um and I don't blame Linux
directly I blame the fact that it's a
free software that people that that
obtained it are very hardcore about like
not paying for things they don't want to
give you a dollar for an application in
order to make it work right and for
those reasons the companies that make
all these things um you know like lenovo
or msi or whatever ati and nvidia is an
example they don't sit down and make a
driver for that they make one for
windows and if you have it installed on
a mac or something like that of course
they make one for those but they don't
give two craps about the Linux
installation they don't care and a lot
of other things um work like that under
under linux um it's not supported
because it's a very underused system and
it was in it's an old falak of phallic
sorry it's an old fallacy that used to
exist about them about mac stuff is that
nothing worked for and all that other
kind of stuff and true not as much stuff
work for it but linux is like a barren
wasteland I'm sure they've got the
Ubuntu Software Center and they've got
some things that are going to make
better but I feel extremely let down
that it took the time and the energy to
make sure that i purchased hardware that
supposedly worked and yet I really and
truly could not get it to work even when
I resorted to to getting some assistance
online and also showing that I wasn't a
new that I did not bother to search or
anything like that but that they still
couldn't even help me out you know like
try this try that and it's still to no
avail could fix my problem um so I ended
up running windows seven on this was the
windows 7 professional that Microsoft
had on sale a little while back I
scooped up a copy for thirty dollars
installed it it did tons of updates on
and actually nearly every day it reminds
me that I need to do more and more and
more updates and that I have to scan my
computer because it might be infected or
it might be dead or me i don't know i
don't know what the hell it was but
every day it tells me that it's
installing an update before it turns off
or that i need to run a system scan and
that little orange thing right here that
thing's green now but when i turned it
on before this video was blinking orange
and i was i was probably infected with
all kinds of and it basically it
anyway so yeah windows um however um i
do give props to the fact that it does
work flawlessly in terms of and
installed it figured out what it was
that I had on my system it goes hey this
is what you have installed I recognize
it and this is the thing that you need
go click on this button right here and
it will make it work and for that reason
I have to applaud Microsoft they made
the installation and the function of it
very simple um so so yeah I have a
windows machine crazy in it um I also
wanted to take time now that I now that
I have heavier attention I want all of
them the Microsoft fanboys and for the
Microsoft haters and for the Mac haters
out there to take just a quick moment
and let me just speak to you for just a
quick second every person that you see
you
let me just say that ninety-nine percent
of the people that you see using a mag
they they've used windows before they've
used windows or they currently use
windows they have a job that they go to
and they use windows at that job but
when they come home they still actually
prefer their mac they prefer their iPad
they prefer their iPhone or their ipod
touch or whatever it is that they've got
you really internalize that you and me
are the one percent of this tech company
you know this this world that we live in
that care really way too much about what
it is we're using to accomplish the
goals that were accomplishing you need
to find some unity here okay you need to
find the common ground that people have
played with this they do know what
Windows is it's not like they've never
seen it it's just that they found
something else and it works for them
everybody doesn't drive a forward
everybody doesn't drive a Chevy or a
Mazda or a Datsun sorry Nissan a Nissan
or any that crap everybody has their own
little take on what they like so let
them have that opportunity to do that so
all I'm asking is is that the hating
between the two parties just called them